# Jdbi AI Guidelines

(largely inspired by [the curl AI guidelines](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTE.md#on-ai-use-in-curl))

## Guidelines for AI use when contributing to Jdbi.

### For issues and security reports

If you asked an AI tool to find problems in Jdbi, you must make sure to reveal this fact in the issue that you open. Mark it clearly as AI generated by using the "AI" label.

There is an expectation that you will address comments, feedback etc. as a human with AI help. Pasting our feedback into your AI tool and then pasting the output back into the issue conversation is a sure way that your report will not be addressed. If you are not a native speaker and use AI for translation, say so.

You must double-check the findings carefully before reporting them to us to validate that the issues indeed exist and work exactly as the AI says. AI-based tools can generate inaccurate or fabricated results.

Further: it is rarely a good idea to copy and paste an AI generated report to the project. Those generated reports are often too wordy and not to the point. If you find a problem using an AI tool and you have verified it to be true: write the report yourself and explain the problem as you have learned it. This makes sure the AI-generated inaccuracies and invented issues are filtered out early.

As we take security reports seriously, we investigate each report with priority. This work is both time and energy consuming and pulls us away from doing other meaningful work. Fake and otherwise made up security problems effectively prevent us from doing other project work and make us waste time and resources.

If you fail to disclose the use of AI tools or create an agent-driven dialog on an issue, we will close the issue without addressing it. Repeat violations will make us block you.

### For pull requests

When contributing content to the Jdbi project, you give us permission to use it as-is and you must make sure you are allowed to distribute it. This is independent if AI is used or not.

By submitting a change to us, you agree that the changes can and should be adopted by Jdbi and get redistributed under the Apache Software License 2.0. Authors should be explicitly aware that the burden is on them to ensure no unlicensed code is submitted to the project.

Any code that was written partially or completely by an AI tool and that is submitted as a pull request must be clearly labeled by adding the "AI" tag to the PR. Similar to issues, failing to disclose the use of AI may lead to us closing the PR without addressing it. Repeated violations will make us block you from contributing permanently.

When contributing a pull request you should always make sure that the proposal is good quality and a best effort that follows our contribution guidelines. If someone (or something such as our PR analysis agent) can spot that the contribution was made with the help of AI, you have more work to do.

We can accept code written with the help of AI into the project, but the code must still follow coding standards, be written clearly, be documented, feature test cases and adhere to all the normal requirements we have.
